Just to widgets horizontally, that is from left to right.
So within the column we can then have a row widget and as we know, a row can take multiple widgets
which are going to be displayed horizontally.
Okay, sorry.
I think we need this.
And now we can have it as widgets.
This is going to be order.
And I think we have a field known as other prize and it is a number.
So we have to convert this to a string and maybe ask us first.
Most of the time you don't get what's a prediction.
You can just do this yourself.
Okay?
You should see it right over here.
Double has nominated a string.
It's a string.
The string.
US fist.
We're just going to do this.
Okay.
Sorry, we have to pass the to to tell how many zero we basically want.
Sorry for that.
Okay.
Sims Cool.
And within the column, we can then say cross assessment.
Cross assessment.
The start.
Okay.
And also we tend to grow.
We can say main assess element mean us.
Meet us at the space between.
Okay.
And we can format this by having a trained camera.
And I as well.
And that's why.
Okay.
Cisco.
And also, we can tie this.
So we can have a test.
Style.
Color.
Kohler's third sign.
Okay.
Most of the time you do not really need to follow me.
You can just go with your own style.
Some school.
And.
And lastly, we can display the quantity so we can have on that test.
I think we have.
I think we call this other quantity.
Make sure you don't have any spell.
Mistake.
Quantity.
Okay.
And also we have to convert this to a string because it is a number.
Where do you have that space between?
Okay, consider where and what we can, just as we can get rid of this and use this.
Right.
Basically, the reason for this is because we want to use a test and a variable.
So we have to use this.
We can say this, okay, and this is going to be order.
So in order to assess the variable, we need to use a dollar sign order.
And other.
Quantity.
And also, we have to convert this.
So where does the string add your cover?
How do you cover?
Okay.
By state.
I think we made this mistake.
One.
I'm just going to check this.
Q.
U.
N.
Q.
And make sure we don't.
And this should be correct.
Okay.
Sounds cool.
And you can just add your own style to display the best products.
In the next lecture, we are going to continue.
Okay, guys.
In this lecture.